Add new documentation for using other networks. (#531)
iron-fish/website: content/documentation/use-networks.mdx

---

> title: Use Networks

Reviewer: "Use Networks" seems a little odd to me. Maybe just "Networks"? "Iron Fish Networks"?

Author: Changed

description: Use Testnet | Iron Fish Documentation
---

Iron Fish has 3 networks built into the SDK by default. These networks are useful for development and testing rather than trying to wait for someone to send you Mainnet $IRON.

> > **Note:** Once you start a node on a certain network, that node cannot be used on another network. Delete the data directory in `ironfish browse` to reset the data directory.

Reviewer: Should we also refer to `ironfish reset`?

Author: I just tested that and it doesn't actually work to clear the right flags to let me switch networks. We should fix that, I'll file a linear issue.

Author: Ok fixed

# Testnet

The Testnet is a network that is maintained by the core developer team. All code is first deployed to Testnet before Mainnet.

If you want to use Testnet with the CLI run:

```sh
ironfish start --networkId 0
```

**Testnet Faucet**

You can request Testnet funds by using the faucet. First start your node in the Testnet, then request funds.

```sh
ironfish faucet
```

# Devnet

The Devnet is a network that is used for spinning up local networks very easily. It has extremely low default difficulty so you can mine blocks very easily.

If you want to use the Devnet with the CLI run:

```sh
ironfish start --networkId 2
```

**Devnet Faucet**

> There is no, Devnet faucet. You can instantly mine a block using the built in CPU miner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no Devnet faucet. However, you can instantly mine a block using the built in CPU miner
```

```sh
ironfish miners:start
```

# Mainnet

> All Iron Fish CLI, Node App, and SDK automatically connect to the main net by default. You don't need to do anything special to use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Iron Fish CLI, Node App, and SDK each automatically connect to Mainnet by default. You don't need to do anything special to use it.
```

**Mainnet Faucet**

There is no faucet for Mainnet, please use [Testnet](#testnet-0) for pre-production testing.

# Custom Network

> Iron Fish supports custom network definitions. You can create a custom network definition and import it using the [customNetwork config](/use/get-started/node-configuration) or the -customNetwork flag like this...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Iron Fish supports custom network definitions. You can create a custom network definition and import it using the [customNetwork config](/use/get-started/node-configuration) or the `--customNetwork` flag like this...
```
